Provinces~Bulgaria/Yambol/City/Yambol.md, before:

---
location: [42.48,26.52] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 35738
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::26.52] 
[geo-lat::42.48] 
[name::Yambol] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Yambol
coordinates: [[Yambol]] 
markerFile: [[Yambol]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Yambol|Yambol]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Yambol.public|Yambol.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Yambol.internal|Yambol.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Yambol.protect|Yambol.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Yambol.private|Yambol.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Yambol.personal|Yambol.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Yambol.secret|Yambol.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Yambol/City/Yambol.md, after:

---
location: [42.48,26.52] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 35738
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::26.52] 
[has_place_latitude::42.48] 
[name::Yambol] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Yambol
coordinates: [[Yambol]] 
markerFile: [[Yambol]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Yambol|Yambol]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Yambol.public|Yambol.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Yambol.internal|Yambol.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Yambol.protect|Yambol.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Yambol.private|Yambol.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Yambol.personal|Yambol.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Yambol.secret|Yambol.secret]]
