Provinces~Bulgaria/Vratsa/City/Vraca.md, before:

---
location: [43.2,23.55] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 35359
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::23.55] 
[geo-lat::43.2] 
[name::Vraca] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Vraca
coordinates: [[Vraca]] 
markerFile: [[Vraca]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vraca|Vraca]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vraca.public|Vraca.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vraca.internal|Vraca.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vraca.protect|Vraca.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vraca.private|Vraca.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vraca.personal|Vraca.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vraca.secret|Vraca.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Vratsa/City/Vraca.md, after:

---
location: [43.2,23.55] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 35359
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::23.55] 
[has_place_latitude::43.2] 
[name::Vraca] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Vraca
coordinates: [[Vraca]] 
markerFile: [[Vraca]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vraca|Vraca]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vraca.public|Vraca.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vraca.internal|Vraca.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vraca.protect|Vraca.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vraca.private|Vraca.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vraca.personal|Vraca.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vraca.secret|Vraca.secret]]
