Provinces~Bulgaria/Grad_Sofiya/City/Sofia.md, before:

---
location: [42.68,23.32] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 34341
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::23.32] 
[geo-lat::42.68] 
[name::Sofia] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Sofia
coordinates: [[Sofia]] 
markerFile: [[Sofia]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sofia|Sofia]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sofia.public|Sofia.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sofia.internal|Sofia.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sofia.protect|Sofia.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sofia.private|Sofia.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sofia.personal|Sofia.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sofia.secret|Sofia.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Grad_Sofiya/City/Sofia.md, after:

---
location: [42.68,23.32] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 34341
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::23.32] 
[has_place_latitude::42.68] 
[name::Sofia] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Sofia
coordinates: [[Sofia]] 
markerFile: [[Sofia]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sofia|Sofia]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sofia.public|Sofia.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sofia.internal|Sofia.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sofia.protect|Sofia.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sofia.private|Sofia.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sofia.personal|Sofia.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sofia.secret|Sofia.secret]]
