Provinces~Bulgaria/Pernik/City/Radomier.md, before:

---
location: [42.55,22.98] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 33610
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::22.98] 
[geo-lat::42.55] 
[name::Radomier] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Radomier
coordinates: [[Radomier]] 
markerFile: [[Radomier]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Radomier|Radomier]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Radomier.public|Radomier.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Radomier.internal|Radomier.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Radomier.protect|Radomier.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Radomier.private|Radomier.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Radomier.personal|Radomier.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Radomier.secret|Radomier.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Pernik/City/Radomier.md, after:

---
location: [42.55,22.98] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 33610
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::22.98] 
[has_place_latitude::42.55] 
[name::Radomier] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Radomier
coordinates: [[Radomier]] 
markerFile: [[Radomier]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Radomier|Radomier]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Radomier.public|Radomier.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Radomier.internal|Radomier.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Radomier.protect|Radomier.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Radomier.private|Radomier.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Radomier.personal|Radomier.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Radomier.secret|Radomier.secret]]
