ReadMe.md, before:

---
location:
- 42.9342
- 25.3029
type: Country
tags:
- geo/Country
license: CC BY-SA 4.0
confidential: public
isDeleted: false
isReadOnly: false
source: https://datahub.io/core/country-codes
cssclasses: Country
publish: true
title: Bulgaria
linkTitle: 
keywords: 
layout: 
draft: false
publishDate: 
expiryDate: 
aliases:
- BG
- BGR
- Bulgaria
- Bulgarie
- بلغاريا
- 保加利亚
- Болгария
- the Republic of Bulgaria
- la República de Bulgaria
Languages:
- bg
- tr-BG
- rom
---


[	ISO4217-currency_alphabetic	 :: BGN ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_name	 :: Bulgarian Lev ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_numeric	 :: 975 ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_minor_unit	 :: 2 ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_country_name	 :: BULGARIA ] 

[	Telephone	 :: 359 ] 

[	Global	 :: True ] 
[	Global_Name	 :: World ] 

[	name	 :: Bulgaria ] 
[	name-en	 :: Bulgaria ] 
[	name-es	 :: Bulgaria ] 
[	name-fr	 :: Bulgarie ] 
[	name-cn	 :: 保加利亚 ] 
[	name-ar	 :: بلغاريا ] 
[	name-ru	 :: Болгария ] 

[	CLDR_display_name	 :: Bulgaria ] 

[	UNTERM_English	 :: Bulgaria ] 
[	UNTERM_English_Formal	 :: the Republic of Bulgaria ] 
[	UNTERM_Spanish_Formal	 :: la República de Bulgaria ] 
[	UNTERM_Spanish	 :: Bulgaria ] 
[	UNTERM_French	 :: Bulgarie (la) ] 
[	UNTERM_Arabic	 :: بلغاريا ] 
[	UNTERM_Arabic_Formal	 :: جمهورية بلغاريا ] 
[	UNTERM_Chinese	 :: 保加利亚 ] 
[	UNTERM_Chinese_Formal	 :: 保加利亚共和国 ] 
[	UNTERM_French_Formal	 :: la République de Bulgarie ] 
[	UNTERM_Russian	 :: Болгария ] 
[	UNTERM_Russian_Formal	 :: Республика Болгария ] 

Region_Name ::  [[Europe]] 
Intermediate_Region_Name ::  [[]] 
Sub-region_Name ::  [[Eastern Europe]] 

[	Region	 :: 150 ] 
[	Intermediate_Region	 ::  ] 
[	Sub-region	 :: 151 ] 

[	Geoname-ID	 :: 732800 ] 
[	FIPS	 :: BU ] 
[	FIFA	 :: BUL ] 
[	IOC	 :: BUL ] 
[	MARC	 :: bu ] 
[	GAUL	 :: 41 ] 
[	WMO	 :: BU ] 
[	ITU	 :: BUL ] 
[	DS	 :: BG ] 
[	TLD	 :: .bg ] 
[	EDGAR	 :: E0 ] 
[	M49	 :: 100 ] 

[	is_independent	 :: Yes ] 
[	Developed_/Developing_Countries	 :: Developed ] 
[	Land_Locked_Developing_Countries	 ::  ] 
[	Least_Developed_Countries	 ::  ] 
[	Small_Island_Developing_States	 ::  ] 

[	ISO3166-1-numeric	 :: 100 ] 



SpocWebEntityId: 26846
isDeleted: false
confidential: public
[ISO2::BG] 
[ISO3::BGR] 
```leaflet
id: Bulgaria
zoomFeatures: true 
minZoom: 2 
maxZoom: 18
geojsonFolder: .//
markerFolder: .//
```

[name-en::Bulgaria] 
[name-de::Bulgarien] 
[Area-Total::110994] 
[Area-Land::110550] 
Continent :: [[Europe]]  
[VehicleCode::BG] 
Capital :: [[./Bulgaria/Counties/Sofia]]  
![[Coat_of_arms_of_Bulgaria.svg|350]] 
![[Anthem-Bulgaria-complete.mp3]] 
![[Flag_of_Bulgaria.svg|350]] 
[Alcohol-l::12.4] 
[Language-Id::] 
[geo-lon::25.3029] 
[geo-lat::42.9342] 



## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria|Bulgaria]] 
- [[../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria.public|Bulgaria.public]] 
- [[../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria.internal|Bulgaria.internal]] 
- [[../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria.protect|Bulgaria.protect]] 
- [[../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria.private|Bulgaria.private]] 
- [[../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria.personal|Bulgaria.personal]] 
- [[../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria.secret|Bulgaria.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

ReadMe.md, after:

---
location:
- 42.9342
- 25.3029
type: Country
tags:
- geo/Country
license: CC BY-SA 4.0
confidential: public
isDeleted: false
isReadOnly: false
source: https://datahub.io/core/country-codes
cssclasses: Country
publish: true
title: Bulgaria
linkTitle: 
keywords: 
layout: 
draft: false
publishDate: 
expiryDate: 
aliases:
- BG
- BGR
- Bulgaria
- Bulgarie
- بلغاريا
- 保加利亚
- Болгария
- the Republic of Bulgaria
- la República de Bulgaria
Languages:
- bg
- tr-BG
- rom
---


[	ISO4217-currency_alphabetic	 :: BGN ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_name	 :: Bulgarian Lev ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_numeric	 :: 975 ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_minor_unit	 :: 2 ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_country_name	 :: BULGARIA ] 

[	Telephone	 :: 359 ] 

[	Global	 :: True ] 
[	Global_Name	 :: World ] 

[	name	 :: Bulgaria ] 
[	name-en	 :: Bulgaria ] 
[	name-es	 :: Bulgaria ] 
[	name-fr	 :: Bulgarie ] 
[	name-cn	 :: 保加利亚 ] 
[	name-ar	 :: بلغاريا ] 
[	name-ru	 :: Болгария ] 

[	CLDR_display_name	 :: Bulgaria ] 

[	UNTERM_English	 :: Bulgaria ] 
[	UNTERM_English_Formal	 :: the Republic of Bulgaria ] 
[	UNTERM_Spanish_Formal	 :: la República de Bulgaria ] 
[	UNTERM_Spanish	 :: Bulgaria ] 
[	UNTERM_French	 :: Bulgarie (la) ] 
[	UNTERM_Arabic	 :: بلغاريا ] 
[	UNTERM_Arabic_Formal	 :: جمهورية بلغاريا ] 
[	UNTERM_Chinese	 :: 保加利亚 ] 
[	UNTERM_Chinese_Formal	 :: 保加利亚共和国 ] 
[	UNTERM_French_Formal	 :: la République de Bulgarie ] 
[	UNTERM_Russian	 :: Болгария ] 
[	UNTERM_Russian_Formal	 :: Республика Болгария ] 

Region_Name ::  [[Europe]] 
Intermediate_Region_Name ::  [[]] 
Sub-region_Name ::  [[Eastern Europe]] 

[	Region	 :: 150 ] 
[	Intermediate_Region	 ::  ] 
[	Sub-region	 :: 151 ] 

[	Geoname-ID	 :: 732800 ] 
[	FIPS	 :: BU ] 
[	FIFA	 :: BUL ] 
[	IOC	 :: BUL ] 
[	MARC	 :: bu ] 
[	GAUL	 :: 41 ] 
[	WMO	 :: BU ] 
[	ITU	 :: BUL ] 
[	DS	 :: BG ] 
[	TLD	 :: .bg ] 
[	EDGAR	 :: E0 ] 
[	M49	 :: 100 ] 

[	is_independent	 :: Yes ] 
[	Developed_/Developing_Countries	 :: Developed ] 
[	Land_Locked_Developing_Countries	 ::  ] 
[	Least_Developed_Countries	 ::  ] 
[	Small_Island_Developing_States	 ::  ] 

[	ISO3166-1-numeric	 :: 100 ] 



SpocWebEntityId: 26846
isDeleted: false
confidential: public
[ISO2::BG] 
[ISO3::BGR] 
```leaflet
id: Bulgaria
zoomFeatures: true 
minZoom: 2 
maxZoom: 18
geojsonFolder: .//
markerFolder: .//
```

[name-en::Bulgaria] 
[name-de::Bulgarien] 
[Area-Total::110994] 
[Area-Land::110550] 
Continent :: [[Europe]]  
[VehicleCode::BG] 
Capital :: [[./Bulgaria/Counties/Sofia]]  
![[Coat_of_arms_of_Bulgaria.svg|350]] 
![[Anthem-Bulgaria-complete.mp3]] 
![[Flag_of_Bulgaria.svg|350]] 
[Alcohol-l::12.4] 
[Language-Id::] 
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::25.3029] 
[has_place_latitude::42.9342] 



## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria|Bulgaria]] 
- [[../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria.public|Bulgaria.public]] 
- [[../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria.internal|Bulgaria.internal]] 
- [[../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria.protect|Bulgaria.protect]] 
- [[../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria.private|Bulgaria.private]] 
- [[../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria.personal|Bulgaria.personal]] 
- [[../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria.secret|Bulgaria.secret]]
