Provinces~Bulgaria/Sliven/City/Sliven.md, before:

---
location: [42.67,26.32] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 34325
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::26.32] 
[geo-lat::42.67] 
[name::Sliven] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Sliven
coordinates: [[Sliven]] 
markerFile: [[Sliven]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sliven|Sliven]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sliven.public|Sliven.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sliven.internal|Sliven.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sliven.protect|Sliven.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sliven.private|Sliven.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sliven.personal|Sliven.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sliven.secret|Sliven.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Sliven/City/Sliven.md, after:

---
location: [42.67,26.32] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 34325
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::26.32] 
[has_place_latitude::42.67] 
[name::Sliven] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Sliven
coordinates: [[Sliven]] 
markerFile: [[Sliven]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sliven|Sliven]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sliven.public|Sliven.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sliven.internal|Sliven.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sliven.protect|Sliven.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sliven.private|Sliven.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sliven.personal|Sliven.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sliven.secret|Sliven.secret]]
