Provinces~Bulgaria/Targovishte/City/Osman_Bazar.md, before:

---
location: [43.1,26.42] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 33160
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::26.42] 
[geo-lat::43.1] 
[name::Osman Bazar] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Osman Bazar
coordinates: [[Osman_Bazar]] 
markerFile: [[Osman_Bazar]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Osman_Bazar|Osman_Bazar]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Osman_Bazar.public|Osman_Bazar.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Osman_Bazar.internal|Osman_Bazar.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Osman_Bazar.protect|Osman_Bazar.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Osman_Bazar.private|Osman_Bazar.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Osman_Bazar.personal|Osman_Bazar.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Osman_Bazar.secret|Osman_Bazar.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Targovishte/City/Osman_Bazar.md, after:

---
location: [43.1,26.42] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 33160
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::26.42] 
[has_place_latitude::43.1] 
[name::Osman Bazar] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Osman Bazar
coordinates: [[Osman_Bazar]] 
markerFile: [[Osman_Bazar]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Osman_Bazar|Osman_Bazar]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Osman_Bazar.public|Osman_Bazar.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Osman_Bazar.internal|Osman_Bazar.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Osman_Bazar.protect|Osman_Bazar.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Osman_Bazar.private|Osman_Bazar.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Osman_Bazar.personal|Osman_Bazar.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Osman_Bazar.secret|Osman_Bazar.secret]]
