Provinces~Bulgaria/Kyustendil/City/Kustendjil.md, before:

---
location: [42.28,22.68] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 31712
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::22.68] 
[geo-lat::42.28] 
[name::Kustendjil] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Kustendjil
coordinates: [[Kustendjil]] 
markerFile: [[Kustendjil]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kustendjil|Kustendjil]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kustendjil.public|Kustendjil.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kustendjil.internal|Kustendjil.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kustendjil.protect|Kustendjil.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kustendjil.private|Kustendjil.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kustendjil.personal|Kustendjil.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kustendjil.secret|Kustendjil.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Kyustendil/City/Kustendjil.md, after:

---
location: [42.28,22.68] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 31712
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::22.68] 
[has_place_latitude::42.28] 
[name::Kustendjil] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Kustendjil
coordinates: [[Kustendjil]] 
markerFile: [[Kustendjil]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kustendjil|Kustendjil]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kustendjil.public|Kustendjil.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kustendjil.internal|Kustendjil.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kustendjil.protect|Kustendjil.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kustendjil.private|Kustendjil.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kustendjil.personal|Kustendjil.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kustendjil.secret|Kustendjil.secret]]
