Provinces~Bulgaria/Plovdiv/City/Philippopel=Plovdir.md, before:

---
location: [42.15,24.75] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 33353
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::24.75] 
[geo-lat::42.15] 
[name::Philippopel=Plovdir] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Philippopel=Plovdir
coordinates: [[Philippopel=Plovdir]] 
markerFile: [[Philippopel=Plovdir]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Philippopel=Plovdir|Philippopel=Plovdir]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Philippopel=Plovdir.public|Philippopel=Plovdir.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Philippopel=Plovdir.internal|Philippopel=Plovdir.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Philippopel=Plovdir.protect|Philippopel=Plovdir.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Philippopel=Plovdir.private|Philippopel=Plovdir.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Philippopel=Plovdir.personal|Philippopel=Plovdir.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Philippopel=Plovdir.secret|Philippopel=Plovdir.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Plovdiv/City/Philippopel=Plovdir.md, after:

---
location: [42.15,24.75] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 33353
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::24.75] 
[has_place_latitude::42.15] 
[name::Philippopel=Plovdir] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Philippopel=Plovdir
coordinates: [[Philippopel=Plovdir]] 
markerFile: [[Philippopel=Plovdir]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Philippopel=Plovdir|Philippopel=Plovdir]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Philippopel=Plovdir.public|Philippopel=Plovdir.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Philippopel=Plovdir.internal|Philippopel=Plovdir.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Philippopel=Plovdir.protect|Philippopel=Plovdir.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Philippopel=Plovdir.private|Philippopel=Plovdir.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Philippopel=Plovdir.personal|Philippopel=Plovdir.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Philippopel=Plovdir.secret|Philippopel=Plovdir.secret]]
