Provinces~Bulgaria/Vidin/City/Qujetzo.md, before:

---
location: [43.42,22.68] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 33586
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::22.68] 
[geo-lat::43.42] 
[name::Qujetzo] 
State ::  
Country :: [[../../../../../Europe~South/Yugoslavia]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Qujetzo
coordinates: [[Qujetzo]] 
markerFile: [[Qujetzo]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Yugoslavia/City/Qujetzo|Qujetzo]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Yugoslavia/City/Qujetzo.public|Qujetzo.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Yugoslavia/City/Qujetzo.internal|Qujetzo.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Yugoslavia/City/Qujetzo.protect|Qujetzo.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Yugoslavia/City/Qujetzo.private|Qujetzo.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Yugoslavia/City/Qujetzo.personal|Qujetzo.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Yugoslavia/City/Qujetzo.secret|Qujetzo.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Vidin/City/Qujetzo.md, after:

---
location: [43.42,22.68] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 33586
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::22.68] 
[has_place_latitude::43.42] 
[name::Qujetzo] 
State ::  
Country :: [[../../../../../Europe~South/Yugoslavia]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Qujetzo
coordinates: [[Qujetzo]] 
markerFile: [[Qujetzo]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Yugoslavia/City/Qujetzo|Qujetzo]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Yugoslavia/City/Qujetzo.public|Qujetzo.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Yugoslavia/City/Qujetzo.internal|Qujetzo.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Yugoslavia/City/Qujetzo.protect|Qujetzo.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Yugoslavia/City/Qujetzo.private|Qujetzo.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Yugoslavia/City/Qujetzo.personal|Qujetzo.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Yugoslavia/City/Qujetzo.secret|Qujetzo.secret]]
