Provinces~Bulgaria/Vidin/City/Vidin.md, before:

---
location: [44.02,22.88] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 35276
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::22.88] 
[geo-lat::44.02] 
[name::Vidin] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Vidin
coordinates: [[Vidin]] 
markerFile: [[Vidin]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vidin|Vidin]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vidin.public|Vidin.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vidin.internal|Vidin.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vidin.protect|Vidin.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vidin.private|Vidin.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vidin.personal|Vidin.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vidin.secret|Vidin.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Vidin/City/Vidin.md, after:

---
location: [44.02,22.88] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 35276
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::22.88] 
[has_place_latitude::44.02] 
[name::Vidin] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Vidin
coordinates: [[Vidin]] 
markerFile: [[Vidin]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vidin|Vidin]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vidin.public|Vidin.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vidin.internal|Vidin.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vidin.protect|Vidin.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vidin.private|Vidin.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vidin.personal|Vidin.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Vidin.secret|Vidin.secret]]
