Provinces~Bulgaria/Stara_Zagora/City/Kazanlik.md, before:

---
location: [42.62,25.4] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 31365
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::25.4] 
[geo-lat::42.62] 
[name::Kazanlik] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Kazanlik
coordinates: [[Kazanlik]] 
markerFile: [[Kazanlik]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kazanlik|Kazanlik]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kazanlik.public|Kazanlik.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kazanlik.internal|Kazanlik.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kazanlik.protect|Kazanlik.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kazanlik.private|Kazanlik.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kazanlik.personal|Kazanlik.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kazanlik.secret|Kazanlik.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Stara_Zagora/City/Kazanlik.md, after:

---
location: [42.62,25.4] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 31365
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::25.4] 
[has_place_latitude::42.62] 
[name::Kazanlik] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Kazanlik
coordinates: [[Kazanlik]] 
markerFile: [[Kazanlik]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kazanlik|Kazanlik]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kazanlik.public|Kazanlik.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kazanlik.internal|Kazanlik.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kazanlik.protect|Kazanlik.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kazanlik.private|Kazanlik.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kazanlik.personal|Kazanlik.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Kazanlik.secret|Kazanlik.secret]]
