Provinces~Bulgaria/Stara_Zagora/City/Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.md, before:

---
location: [42.42,25.63] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 34519
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::25.63] 
[geo-lat::42.42] 
[name::Stara Zagora=Eski Zagre] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Stara Zagora=Eski Zagre
coordinates: [[Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre]] 
markerFile: [[Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre|Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.public|Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.internal|Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.protect|Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.private|Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.personal|Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.secret|Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Stara_Zagora/City/Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.md, after:

---
location: [42.42,25.63] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 34519
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::25.63] 
[has_place_latitude::42.42] 
[name::Stara Zagora=Eski Zagre] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Stara Zagora=Eski Zagre
coordinates: [[Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre]] 
markerFile: [[Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre|Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.public|Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.internal|Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.protect|Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.private|Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.personal|Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.secret|Stara_Zagora=Eski_Zagre.secret]]
