Provinces~Bulgaria/Gabrovo/City/Travna.md, before:

---
location: [42.87,25.5] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 34951
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::25.5] 
[geo-lat::42.87] 
[name::Travna] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Travna
coordinates: [[Travna]] 
markerFile: [[Travna]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Travna|Travna]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Travna.public|Travna.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Travna.internal|Travna.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Travna.protect|Travna.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Travna.private|Travna.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Travna.personal|Travna.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Travna.secret|Travna.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Gabrovo/City/Travna.md, after:

---
location: [42.87,25.5] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 34951
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::25.5] 
[has_place_latitude::42.87] 
[name::Travna] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Travna
coordinates: [[Travna]] 
markerFile: [[Travna]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Travna|Travna]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Travna.public|Travna.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Travna.internal|Travna.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Travna.protect|Travna.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Travna.private|Travna.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Travna.personal|Travna.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Travna.secret|Travna.secret]]
