Provinces~Bulgaria/Montana/City/Lom.md, before:

---
location: [43.82,23.2] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 32077
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::23.2] 
[geo-lat::43.82] 
[name::Lom] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Lom
coordinates: [[Lom]] 
markerFile: [[Lom]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Lom|Lom]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Lom.public|Lom.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Lom.internal|Lom.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Lom.protect|Lom.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Lom.private|Lom.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Lom.personal|Lom.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Lom.secret|Lom.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Montana/City/Lom.md, after:

---
location: [43.82,23.2] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 32077
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::23.2] 
[has_place_latitude::43.82] 
[name::Lom] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Lom
coordinates: [[Lom]] 
markerFile: [[Lom]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Lom|Lom]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Lom.public|Lom.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Lom.internal|Lom.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Lom.protect|Lom.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Lom.private|Lom.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Lom.personal|Lom.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Lom.secret|Lom.secret]]
