Provinces~Bulgaria/Dobrich/City/Kadjoglu.md, before:

---
location: [43.57,27.83] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 31246
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::27.83] 
[geo-lat::43.57] 
[name::Kadjoglu] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Romania]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Kadjoglu
coordinates: [[Kadjoglu]] 
markerFile: [[Kadjoglu]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Romania/City/Kadjoglu|Kadjoglu]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Romania/City/Kadjoglu.public|Kadjoglu.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Romania/City/Kadjoglu.internal|Kadjoglu.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Romania/City/Kadjoglu.protect|Kadjoglu.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Romania/City/Kadjoglu.private|Kadjoglu.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Romania/City/Kadjoglu.personal|Kadjoglu.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Romania/City/Kadjoglu.secret|Kadjoglu.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Dobrich/City/Kadjoglu.md, after:

---
location: [43.57,27.83] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 31246
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::27.83] 
[has_place_latitude::43.57] 
[name::Kadjoglu] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Romania]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Kadjoglu
coordinates: [[Kadjoglu]] 
markerFile: [[Kadjoglu]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Romania/City/Kadjoglu|Kadjoglu]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Romania/City/Kadjoglu.public|Kadjoglu.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Romania/City/Kadjoglu.internal|Kadjoglu.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Romania/City/Kadjoglu.protect|Kadjoglu.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Romania/City/Kadjoglu.private|Kadjoglu.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Romania/City/Kadjoglu.personal|Kadjoglu.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Romania/City/Kadjoglu.secret|Kadjoglu.secret]]
