Provinces~Bulgaria/Varna/City/Pravadija.md, before:

---
location: [43.18,27.45] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 33508
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::27.45] 
[geo-lat::43.18] 
[name::Pravadija] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Pravadija
coordinates: [[Pravadija]] 
markerFile: [[Pravadija]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pravadija|Pravadija]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pravadija.public|Pravadija.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pravadija.internal|Pravadija.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pravadija.protect|Pravadija.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pravadija.private|Pravadija.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pravadija.personal|Pravadija.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pravadija.secret|Pravadija.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Varna/City/Pravadija.md, after:

---
location: [43.18,27.45] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 33508
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::27.45] 
[has_place_latitude::43.18] 
[name::Pravadija] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Pravadija
coordinates: [[Pravadija]] 
markerFile: [[Pravadija]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pravadija|Pravadija]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pravadija.public|Pravadija.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pravadija.internal|Pravadija.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pravadija.protect|Pravadija.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pravadija.private|Pravadija.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pravadija.personal|Pravadija.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pravadija.secret|Pravadija.secret]]
