Provinces~Bulgaria/Burgas/City/Aidos.md, before:

---
location: [42.7,27.3] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 28691
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::27.3] 
[geo-lat::42.7] 
[name::Aidos] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Aidos
coordinates: [[Aidos]] 
markerFile: [[Aidos]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Aidos|Aidos]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Aidos.public|Aidos.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Aidos.internal|Aidos.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Aidos.protect|Aidos.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Aidos.private|Aidos.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Aidos.personal|Aidos.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Aidos.secret|Aidos.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Burgas/City/Aidos.md, after:

---
location: [42.7,27.3] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 28691
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::27.3] 
[has_place_latitude::42.7] 
[name::Aidos] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Aidos
coordinates: [[Aidos]] 
markerFile: [[Aidos]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Aidos|Aidos]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Aidos.public|Aidos.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Aidos.internal|Aidos.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Aidos.protect|Aidos.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Aidos.private|Aidos.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Aidos.personal|Aidos.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Aidos.secret|Aidos.secret]]
