Provinces~Bulgaria/Kardzhali/City/Ortakivi=Ivailograd.md, before:

---
location: [41.55,26.12] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 33144
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::26.12] 
[geo-lat::41.55] 
[name::Ortakivi=Ivailograd] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Ortakivi=Ivailograd
coordinates: [[Ortakivi=Ivailograd]] 
markerFile: [[Ortakivi=Ivailograd]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Ortakivi=Ivailograd|Ortakivi=Ivailograd]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Ortakivi=Ivailograd.public|Ortakivi=Ivailograd.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Ortakivi=Ivailograd.internal|Ortakivi=Ivailograd.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Ortakivi=Ivailograd.protect|Ortakivi=Ivailograd.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Ortakivi=Ivailograd.private|Ortakivi=Ivailograd.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Ortakivi=Ivailograd.personal|Ortakivi=Ivailograd.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Ortakivi=Ivailograd.secret|Ortakivi=Ivailograd.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Kardzhali/City/Ortakivi=Ivailograd.md, after:

---
location: [41.55,26.12] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 33144
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::26.12] 
[has_place_latitude::41.55] 
[name::Ortakivi=Ivailograd] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Ortakivi=Ivailograd
coordinates: [[Ortakivi=Ivailograd]] 
markerFile: [[Ortakivi=Ivailograd]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Ortakivi=Ivailograd|Ortakivi=Ivailograd]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Ortakivi=Ivailograd.public|Ortakivi=Ivailograd.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Ortakivi=Ivailograd.internal|Ortakivi=Ivailograd.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Ortakivi=Ivailograd.protect|Ortakivi=Ivailograd.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Ortakivi=Ivailograd.private|Ortakivi=Ivailograd.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Ortakivi=Ivailograd.personal|Ortakivi=Ivailograd.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Ortakivi=Ivailograd.secret|Ortakivi=Ivailograd.secret]]
