Provinces~Bulgaria/Shumen/City/Sumen=Shumen.md, before:

---
location: [43.28,26.95] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 34666
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::26.95] 
[geo-lat::43.28] 
[name::Sumen=Shumen] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Sumen=Shumen
coordinates: [[Sumen=Shumen]] 
markerFile: [[Sumen=Shumen]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sumen=Shumen|Sumen=Shumen]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sumen=Shumen.public|Sumen=Shumen.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sumen=Shumen.internal|Sumen=Shumen.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sumen=Shumen.protect|Sumen=Shumen.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sumen=Shumen.private|Sumen=Shumen.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sumen=Shumen.personal|Sumen=Shumen.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sumen=Shumen.secret|Sumen=Shumen.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Shumen/City/Sumen=Shumen.md, after:

---
location: [43.28,26.95] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 34666
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::26.95] 
[has_place_latitude::43.28] 
[name::Sumen=Shumen] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Sumen=Shumen
coordinates: [[Sumen=Shumen]] 
markerFile: [[Sumen=Shumen]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sumen=Shumen|Sumen=Shumen]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sumen=Shumen.public|Sumen=Shumen.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sumen=Shumen.internal|Sumen=Shumen.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sumen=Shumen.protect|Sumen=Shumen.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sumen=Shumen.private|Sumen=Shumen.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sumen=Shumen.personal|Sumen=Shumen.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Sumen=Shumen.secret|Sumen=Shumen.secret]]
