Provinces~Bulgaria/Pazardzhik/City/Pazardjik.md, before:

---
location: [42.18,24.32] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 33270
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::24.32] 
[geo-lat::42.18] 
[name::Pazardjik] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Pazardjik
coordinates: [[Pazardjik]] 
markerFile: [[Pazardjik]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pazardjik|Pazardjik]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pazardjik.public|Pazardjik.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pazardjik.internal|Pazardjik.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pazardjik.protect|Pazardjik.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pazardjik.private|Pazardjik.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pazardjik.personal|Pazardjik.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pazardjik.secret|Pazardjik.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Provinces~Bulgaria/Pazardzhik/City/Pazardjik.md, after:

---
location: [42.18,24.32] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 33270
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::24.32] 
[has_place_latitude::42.18] 
[name::Pazardjik] 
State ::  
Country :: [[Bulgaria]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Pazardjik
coordinates: [[Pazardjik]] 
markerFile: [[Pazardjik]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pazardjik|Pazardjik]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pazardjik.public|Pazardjik.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pazardjik.internal|Pazardjik.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pazardjik.protect|Pazardjik.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pazardjik.private|Pazardjik.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pazardjik.personal|Pazardjik.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~East/Bulgaria/City/Pazardjik.secret|Pazardjik.secret]]
